So this is the graphical interface or the GUI, graphical user interface.
There's windows, buttons, colors, text, all sorts of stuff that makes it really comfortable and
easy to use.
But when you switch to doing shell scripts, you're going to use what's called a command line interface.
So you actually have one built into your Mac.
It's called Terminal.
If you press command and space, you'll open this little searchlight window.
If you don't have that, you can click this little magnifying glass and just type in 'terminal'.
And it's usually the first response and just press enter.
And that will open it up.  So I'm going to put these windows side by side so you can kind of see how
things compare here.
So in the GUI, you can click around and move.
So and then it shows you your files right away.
When you go to the command line interface, you have to actually, those are individual commands.
So there's a command called cd, for change directory.
So if I want to go to my Desktop, I can do that.
So you see, it didn't list the file immediately.
There's actually a separate command for that, which is ls, for list.
There, you'll see the same file there.
WriteYourOwnRiddle.pdf
Now, you can also go in there in the GUI, and you know, right click Move to Trash.
I'm just going to undo that so you can see this will disappear in the command line as well.
You can type rm, for remove, and the file name and there it goes.
You can also view files--like the actual content of them--you know, in the menu over here.
And there's a equivalent command called cat.
And this is actually in the Documents folder.
So there you'll see it's the same same file.
And then here's another similarity.
You can-- there's metadata about this file.
It recognizes that it's a Python source file.
There's a just a file command which gives you some information on what type of file it is.
So there you can see it's a Python script.
And there a Python source, so the words are a little different, but it's essentially the same thing.
So hopefully this summarizes for you that what you can do in the GUI, the graphical interface, you
can also do in the command line, CLI.